Instruction and detailed docker-compose to run services independently (#1750)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/09.administrator-guide/04.server-cli.md

This server is a local development server. It will contain all server components in one JVM, and use a local database (H2), and a local storage - perfect to start a development server. Data will be saved in the `data` directory within the current working directory.

**Options:**

* `-f` or `--flow-path`: the path to a directory with YAML flow files. These files will be loaded to the repository at startup.
* `--worker-thread`: the number of worker threads. By default, the embedded worker will start 3 threads or a single thread per CPU core when more than 3 CPU cores are available.

## Kestra with server components in different services

> Server components can run independently from each other. Each of them are communicating through the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server components can run independently from each other. Each of them communicate through the database.
```

> Here is a sampled Docker Compose configuration file running Kestra services with replicas on the Postgre database backend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a example Docker Compose configuration file running Kestra services with replicas on the Postgre database backend. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::collapse{title="Docker Compose Example"}
```

      - /tmp/kestra-wd:/tmp/kestra-wd
    environment:
      KESTRA_CONFIGURATION: *common_configuration
    ports:
      - "8084-8085:8081"
    depends_on:
      postgres:
        condition: service_started
  kestra-executor:
    image: kestra/kestra:latest
    deploy:
      replicas: 2
    pull_policy: if_not_present
    user: "root"
    command: server executor
    volumes:
      - kestra-data:/app/storage
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      - /tmp/kestra-wd:/tmp/kestra-wd
    environment:
      KESTRA_CONFIGURATION: *common_configuration
    ports:
      - "8086-8087:8081"
    depends_on:
      postgres:
        condition: service_started
  kestra-webserver:
    image: kestra/kestra:latest
    deploy:
      replicas: 1
    pull_policy: if_not_present
    user: "root"
    command: server webserver
    volumes:
      - kestra-data:/app/storage
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
      - /tmp/kestra-wd:/tmp/kestra-wd
    environment:
      KESTRA_CONFIGURATION: *common_configuration
      KESTRA_URL: http://localhost:8080/
    ports:
      - "8080:8080"
      - "8081:8081"
    depends_on:
      postgres:
        condition: service_started
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::

```

In production you might run a similar pattern either by:

> 1. Runing Kestra services on dedicated machines. For examples, running the webserver, the scheduler and the executor on one VM and running one or more workers other instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Runing Kestra services on dedicated machines. For examples, running the webserver, the scheduler and the executor on one VM and running one or more workers on other instances.
```

> 2. Using Kubernetes and Helm charts. Please find more instruction about these in [this part of the documentation](../02.installation/03.kubernetes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Using Kubernetes and Helm charts. Read more about how to set these up [in the documentation](../02.installation/03.kubernetes.md).
```
